---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terminal_cart Data Source - Terminal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terminal_cart (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "terminal_cart" "example_cart" {

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) The current Terminal shop user's cart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `address_id` (String) ID of the shipping address selected on the current user's cart.
- `amount` (Attributes) The subtotal and shipping amounts for the current user's cart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--amount))
- `card_id` (String) ID of the card selected on the current user's cart.
- `items` (Attributes List) An array of items in the current user's cart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--items))
- `shipping` (Attributes) Shipping information for the current user's cart. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--shipping))
- `subtotal` (Number) The subtotal of all items in the current user's cart, in cents (USD).

<a id="nestedatt--data--amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.amount`

Read-Only:

- `shipping` (Number) Shipping amount of the current user's cart, in cents (USD).
- `subtotal` (Number) Subtotal of the current user's cart, in cents (USD).
- `total` (Number) Total amount after any discounts, in cents (USD).


<a id="nestedatt--data--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.items`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique object identifier.
The format and length of IDs may change over time.
- `product_variant_id` (String) ID of the product variant for this item in the current user's cart.
- `quantity` (Number) Quantity of the item in the current user's cart.
- `subtotal` (Number) Subtotal of the item in the current user's cart, in cents (USD).


<a id="nestedatt--data--shipping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.shipping`

Read-Only:

- `service` (String) Shipping service name.
- `timeframe` (String) Shipping timeframe provided by the shipping carrier.
