---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terminal_order Data Source - terminal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terminal_order (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "terminal_order" "example_order" {
  id = "ord_XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the order to get.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) An order from the Terminal shop. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Attributes) The subtotal and shipping amounts of the order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--amount))
- `created` (String) Date the order was created.
- `id` (String) Unique object identifier.
The format and length of IDs may change over time.
- `index` (Number) Zero-based index of the order for this user only.
- `items` (Attributes List) Items in the order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--items))
- `shipping` (Attributes) Shipping address of the order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--shipping))
- `tracking` (Attributes) Tracking information of the order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tracking))

<a id="nestedatt--data--amount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.amount`

Read-Only:

- `shipping` (Number) Shipping amount of the order, in cents (USD).
- `subtotal` (Number) Subtotal amount of the order, in cents (USD).


<a id="nestedatt--data--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.items`

Read-Only:

- `amount` (Number) Amount of the item in the order, in cents (USD).
- `description` (String) Description of the item in the order.
- `id` (String) Unique object identifier.
The format and length of IDs may change over time.
- `product_variant_id` (String) ID of the product variant of the item in the order.
- `quantity` (Number) Quantity of the item in the order.


<a id="nestedatt--data--shipping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.shipping`

Read-Only:

- `city` (String) City of the address.
- `country` (String) ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code of the address.
- `name` (String) The recipient's name.
- `phone` (String) Phone number of the recipient.
- `province` (String) Province or state of the address.
- `street1` (String) Street of the address.
- `street2` (String) Apartment, suite, etc. of the address.
- `zip` (String) Zip code of the address.


<a id="nestedatt--data--tracking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tracking`

Read-Only:

- `number` (String) Tracking number of the order.
- `service` (String) Shipping service of the order.
- `status` (String) Current tracking status of the shipment.
- `status_details` (String) Additional details about the tracking status.
- `status_updated_at` (String) When the tracking status was last updated.
- `url` (String) Tracking URL of the order.
