---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terminal_product Data Source - terminal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terminal_product (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "terminal_product" "example_product" {
  id = "prd_XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the product to get.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) Product sold in the Terminal shop. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the product.
- `id` (String) Unique object identifier.
The format and length of IDs may change over time.
- `name` (String) Name of the product.
- `order` (Number) Order of the product used when displaying a sorted list of products.
- `subscription` (String) Whether the product must be or can be subscribed to.
Available values: "allowed", "required".
- `tags` (Attributes) Tags for the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tags))
- `variants` (Attributes List) List of variants of the product. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--variants))

<a id="nestedatt--data--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tags`

Read-Only:

- `app` (String)
- `color` (String)
- `featured` (Boolean)
- `market_eu` (Boolean)
- `market_global` (Boolean)
- `market_na` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--data--variants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.variants`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique object identifier.
The format and length of IDs may change over time.
- `name` (String) Name of the product variant.
- `price` (Number) Price of the product variant in cents (USD).
- `tags` (Attributes) Tags for the product variant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--variants--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--data--variants--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.variants.tags`

Read-Only:

- `app` (String)
- `market_eu` (Boolean)
- `market_global` (Boolean)
- `market_na` (Boolean)
